# ==**CmakeLists AVR cross compilation Repo**==

### This Repo is a cross compilation repo ==(On Linux)== for the AVR (atmega16) with the CmakeLists structure with the P1 ==MBD==
****
#### **1.The Repo structure will be as bewlo**

├── CMakeLists.txt
├── Makefile
├── Notes.txt
├── avr.cmake
├── swc_paths.cmake
├── build_lgs
├── build_env
├── src_code
├── Simulink_Model_sorce
├── Docs
└── scripts

###### CMakeLists.txt:
This the main CmakeLists of the repo contiaing all the Cmake Configurtion. 
###### Makefile:
This the main Makefile of the repo contiaing all make targets to be used.  
###### Notes.txt:
This txt file will contian the notes TBD during development.
###### avr.cmake:
This is the .Cmake file contiang the Cross compialtion tool chain pathes and configuration.
###### swc_paths.cmake:
This .cmake will contain all the pathes shall be used in the repo relative to the main path of the repo so it coauld be accesed relativly in any other machine.
###### build_lgs:
Inside this directory there will be ***Build_log.txt*** containg all the log in the trminal during the build process. 
###### build_env:
This Directory will contain all the generated cmake build environment so the project will be built using them after  
###### src_code:
This Directory will contain all the source code (.c/.h) of all the SWCs of the project
###### Simulink_Model_sorce:
This Directory will contain source files of the Matlab and simulink project and all the generated data from the simulation to be integrated in the Source code 
###### Docs:
This Directory will contain all the documentation and pics of the project.
###### scripts:
This Directory will contain some helping scripts to be used in the repo.

*******
#### ***2.How to build the repo:***
To Build the repo you can use the make command ==***make full_build***== which will do all steps for a clean build of the repo.
The command make full_build excutes the following targets:

1. **make clean**
2. **make cmake_build**
3. **make build**

###### ==**make clean**==: 
This make target will clean the build logs and the build environment generated by the cmake from the previous build to achieve a clean build.

###### ==**make cmake_build**==:
This make target will trigger the cmake build environemt generation to generate all the cmake nad the makefiles whihc will be used during the build process.

###### ==**make build**==: 
This make target will trigger the full SW compilation process then elf and hex inage generation after the successfull compilation process.

****
